- Implement differentiation between files and directories. (IP)
- Implement multi-user support (both in the system and the fs) (IP)
- Replace anything with the word "_internal" (like read, readdir, get/setenv) with proper implementations
- Implement statx
- Implement relative path (only absolute works right now)
- Stat resolve links, implement lstat to stat the link itself
- Implement close syscall
- Provide the filesystem with its mountpoint so we can ignore it (a fs mounted to /mnt/files should look for /myfolder/myfile, not /mnt/files/myfolder/myfile)

file – checks a file’s type.
zip and unzip – creates and extracts a ZIP archive.
tar – archives files without compression in a TAR format.
nano, vi, and jed – edits a file with a text editor.
grep – searches a string within a file.
sed – finds, replaces, or deletes patterns in a file.
awk – finds and manipulates patterns in a file.
sort – reorders a file’s content.
cut – sections and prints lines from a file.
diff – compares two files’ content and their differences.
tee – prints command outputs in Terminal and a file.
locate – finds files in a system’s database.
find – outputs a file or folder’s location.
sudo – runs a command as a superuser.
chmod – modifies a file’s read, write, and execute permissions.
chown – changes a file, directory, or symbolic link’s ownership.
useradd and userdel – creates and removes a user account.
df – displays the system’s overall disk space usage.
du – checks a file or directory’s storage consumption.
top – displays running processes and the system’s resource usage.
htop – works like top but with an interactive user interface.
ps – creates a snapshot of all running processes.
uname – prints information about your machine’s kernel, name, and hardware.
hostname – shows your system’s hostname.
time – calculates commands’ execution time.
systemctl – manages system services.
watch – runs another command continuously.
jobs – displays a shell’s running processes with their statuses.
kill – terminates a running process.
shutdown – turns off or restarts the system.
ping – checks the system’s network connectivity.
wget – downloads files from a URL.
curl – transmits data between servers using URLs.
scp – securely copies files or directories to another system.
rsync – synchronizes content between directories or machines.
Ifconfig – displays the system’s network interfaces and their configurations.
netstat – shows the system’s network information, like routing and sockets.
traceroute – tracks a packet’s hops to its destination.
nslookup – queries a domain’s IP address and vice versa.
dig – displays DNS information, including record types.
history – lists previously run commands.
man – shows a command’s manual.
echo – prints a message as a standard output.
ln – links files or directories.
alias and unalias – sets and removes an alias for a file or command.
cal – displays a calendar in Terminal.
apt-get – manages Debian-based distros package libraries